and well my name is finally the day arrived
of the day of wave today the government
finally began to relax the trap
exchange in the morning the chief cabinet
jorge capitanich next to the owner of the
afip ricardo echegaray announced and
They made known how I was going to do this
flexibilization formula of the trap if
he wants we can go over a little
remember that a 20 is destined
percent of the situation income to
can allocate to the purchase of foreign currency
with a maximum limit of 2 thousand dollars and what
they will be able to make people who win
more than 7 thousand 200 pesos in etón soles
exactly and it was a day
really quite moved a lot
expectation but beyond what
happens in the retail space with this
debut of this partial relaxation
The important thing happened also in
the wholesale place where he said to see if
It worked to full and how much it cost
to the central bank the cap to 8 dollars
to 8 pesos forgive the price of the dollar
in that square and precisely at the close of
the day Pablo had the news of
that the central bank had sacrificed
100 million dollars to keep it
in that value if in a moment you thought or
not if you talk that it could be be
more apparently in quotation marks came out
cheap is what they said a little in the
market
let's remember today the peso this dollar saving
dollar holding as he calls the government
Soto as preferred to say dollar saving
what happened with that dollar is not
operated because banks because
they received around 11 and a half
in the morning the circular of the bank
central and the circular says it has 72
hours to adapt the system so that
many would begin to leave just in
tomorrow and if you do not have time
even for only until Friday
I mean many people who were
in the morning we remember that the fib
received in the first 10 minutes three
thousand queries to buy 3,000 dollars
enough consultations already averaging the
late exceeded 30,000 queries
a lot of those people went to banks and houses
change and could not buy they said to him like
the morning or the past you do not have to alert me
ground
when they are started with these systems
but you have to wait a little longer for
that's not a movement there is interesting
de Pablo also highlight what happened in
the parallel market
really when one looked or analyzed
this measure in general
I bet
pretended to notice that something was going to
loosen the demand in the market
parallel but perhaps as it was not
full valid did not work and the dollar
parallel closed above 12
weights if it is stolen and what happened there is
apparently that many who were going to
Buy exclusively the purchase of
parallel but what was very strong
that was spoken in the caves is that
compared to for example principle of
last week the demand fell
very much the caves were
practically empty people went to
see the same price went away did not sell the same
what did the boys inflate in a
little the price to not lose profits
there is something in particular that is happening
It's been a long time since people spoke of good
is happening there is difference of up
three pesos between buyer and seller what
which had never exactly happened and
It is also interesting to highlight the
strong rebound they had at the close
of the day both the actions and
Argentine bonds mainly
then crystallized in the bag of
New York values with actions
both irpf and banks and
also some electric companies without
Right
they had already come down a lot last week
now they had a rebound
very strong many consultations we are
receiving to see that to see what it is that
you have to do today with the money you
you wanted to look when you analyze
returns of Argentine papers
as something of 2015 that men is calculated I read
in a year and a half and before the
presidential election
and that renders this role very short
term close to 13 14 percent in
dollars is a pretty alternative
interesting with such high performance and
short term that hardly before
a presidential election have
problems in your payment and apart one tends
to also think that this bonus is at
Service action margin
American is to say any case
anything that happens with the
holdouts widgets in the us east
is vaccinated if you want to say against
any type of charge or payments in the
outside also another action that seems
very attractive is the pf remember we are
very low there are very high expectations
put on the company and is to believe
that it can go up a lot and the
performance be more than interested in
today in new york and perfection to be a
$ 23.2 or so and had the
close a phenomenal rise of 10 per
one hundred dollars
in a few minutes it was a jump of 10 by
hundred logically he was 35
that is, we agree that the market with
a tremendous volatility risks
tremendous so also to make it a
both cautious because the prices go and
they come with an impressive speed
we must wait for the morning
it envisions morning you can start
move a little this dollar saving the
caves in principle would keep the
price even though they estimate them
same that in the next days if
saving starts to operate this
mainly for savers
lower the price should be deflated
by a bit logic and shrink the gap
with the official dollar well after the
battles as always in these two cases
of crisis and exchange rate runs are day
a day so surely see what
it will happen